## Laravel CRUD Generator 🖥️🔥

## Introduction
Welcome to the Laravel CRUD Generator 🖥️🔥! This package provides a convenient way to quickly generate CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) functionality for your Laravel projects.

## Installation
To integrate the **Laravel CRUD Generator** into your Laravel project, follow these steps:

1. Open your terminal and navigate to your project's root directory.
2. Run the following command to install the package via Composer:

```bash
composer require mehadi/laravel-crud-generator
```
## Features
The **Laravel CRUD Generator** offers the following features:

- Automatically creates the Model, Migration, Controller, and View files for your CRUD operations.
- Adds a menu item to the navigation for easy access to the generated CRUD pages.
- Sets up the necessary routes in the `web.php` file.
- On deletion, it removes all the files generated by the CRUD operations.

## Usage
Once you've installed the package and set up the prerequisites, you can use the **Laravel CRUD Generator** to quickly create CRUD operations for your models. Here's how:

1. Open your terminal in the root directory of your Laravel project.
2. Use the following command to generate CRUD files for a specific model (e.g., `Post`) along with its columns:
```bash
php artisan crud:make Post --data='title:string,description:text'
```
- The first parameter (`Post` in this example) is the name of the model.
- The second parameter (`--data`) specifies the table columns for the model, where each column is defined as `column_name:data_type`.
3. After creating a new Model, be sure to execute the following command:
```bash
php artisan migrate
```
Running this command is important to ensure that any database changes related to the new Model are properly applied. This helps keep your database schema synchronized with your application's data structure.
4. To delete all the generated CRUD files and clean up, use the following command:
```bash
php artisan crud:delete Post
```

## Prerequisites
Before using the **Laravel CRUD Generator**, make sure you have the following prerequisites set up in your project:

1. Install Laravel Breeze package:

```bash
composer require laravel/breeze
```


2. Run the Breeze installation command and choose the Blade template option:
```bash
php artisan breeze:install
```
3. Run the migration command to set up the database tables:
```bash
php artisan migrate
```
4. Install npm packages:
```bash
npm install
```
5. Compile the assets with the following command:
```bash
npm run dev
```

## Notes
- This package helps automate the process of generating CRUD operations for your Laravel models, saving you time and effort.
- Ensure that you have all the prerequisites installed and set up correctly before using the CRUD generator.

For more information, visit the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/mehadi/laravel-crud-generator) or the [Packagist page](https://packagist.org/packages/mehadi/laravel-crud-generator) of the package.
